welcome to another installment of canvas
to kick ass made possible by just car
insurance so you guys have been voting
like crazy and the latest result is four
tires and rims where the majority one
with the COS I black and red rims very
nice and the toyo proxes t1r tires nasan
exciting package is going to look or
someone our car but we're gonna hear
more about that later when we speak to
sean from gmax and rub from tuyo for now
though guys we're here at the fat audio
concepts workshop we're going to go find
Sam and Brett Sammy ghetto mate Andre
hello good hell are you i'm very well
has the skyline is coming on and leave
some beers so you can say we've got some
color on it now yeah beauty so she's
been painted inside the doors as well
we're up to putting the sound deadening
in the floor actually got a job for your
review interests is this cuz my job of
the body kid yeah maybe do something
with Ferrari I could do I don't know
custom custom front bar some sides
actually this is a little more simpler
okay so yeah if you don't mind give us a
hand on this one well uh yeah show you
her roadkill down alright let's do it
ready to go mater well you're a bit of a
killer for what we're about to do how we
talk right we're just gonna be fitting
some singer Roy killed I'm just going to
show you how easy it is to do ok what's
this why we why we doing it sting a
roadkill who it's a sound deadening
product yep it adds weight to the panels
yeah it stops it from vibrator it also
stops heat from getting through you
don't have to just use it for audio no
it works really well Phoebe if you're
just fitting it into the car to make the
car quarter right so we got our stingray
kill how do we fit it in the car alright
what we're gonna get you to do is set it
inside the floor it is so much of may
decrease in the road cool you know where
you can cut it with a knife so now
roller that's your roller roll it on
with this so wherever there's a groove
you're literally just roll into the
groove shaping to come to is you well on
the cars this gutted it's a lot easier
to run the power cable and we'll be
changing the battery as well so Brett
battery cabling yes tell me about it
well here we've got stingers SPV 44 it's
the big replacement battery it's
definitely got a lot of power behind it
it's probably got about four times the
capacity of a brand new standard battery
they say good things come in small
so the cabling as well we'll be running
stingers 0 gauge power co mechanical
ability when you test for any of the
stereos at the package yeah this this
cable was a common between all three
packages yep so we can run that down
through the car Walt all apart Steve it
realism tires this is one of the most
exciting parts of the project first off
we've got Shawn from gmax here hello
everyone I Sean how's it going oh you're
very well and Rob from Toyota make very
well it's very well now this gmax remit
sacas I which means wind is that one yes
in Japanese and that's because it you're
saying is quite light yeah it's a
lightweight design for the sports car
besides the weight for power you have
you'll need more break okay well of
course of course so normally you put a
pee-pee break up so you can see we got a
very big space mm-hmm for the caliper so
I know you guys have been saying on the
blog we need to go for a bigger rim but
the thing is Sean obviously you've got
legal issues to consider an insurance
yes that's right and this way we're
going to be ready to roll in any state
of Australia no hassles at all and also
it's going to look great on our car Rob
what can you tell me about the tire this
is the proxies t1r proxes t1i laundry
it's an exceptionally high quality built
tire manufactured in Japan excellent wet
weather time yep excellent comfort tire
and a true all-round performance tire ok
so we've also sorry we've got a a 255 I
think in a 235 that's right chip so we
got optimum width on the back mm-hmm an
optimum with on the front it's gonna be
a great package I'm really excited I
can't wait to see them on the car
hopefully we can get the rim onto the
tire and maybe even onto the car today
wrong wrong that's about it for this
webisode it's been great to see the
tires and rims on the car I'm going to
keep voting on every face to give you
the best chance of winning this kick-ass
car so stay tuned to the website and
keep watching the webcam because as we
get further and further into the
modification process more and more is
actually going to start to happen you
can watch it all unfold live in this
workshop but until next time stay cool
drive safe and next time I see you will
be talking interior
nah
you